---
slug: /VS-Code-Commands/Ask-Dev-Docs-A-Question
---

# Ask Dev-Docs A Question

The `devdocs.askDocs` command allows you to ask questions about your codebase and receive answers generated by an AI model within the Dev-Docs extension. This command facilitates efficient code comprehension and documentation by leveraging AI-powered natural language processing and understanding.

## What does this VS Code Extension Command do?

The `devdocs.askDocs` command prompts you to enter a question related to your codebase in a text input box. Once you submit your question, the extension sends it to an AI model along with relevant context information about your project. The AI model then processes the question and the context, and generates an answer tailored to your specific query. Finally, the generated answer is displayed in a Visual Studio Code information message.

## Why should I use this VS Code Extension Command?

Asking questions about your codebase is an essential part of the development process, whether you're trying to understand existing code, exploring new features, or troubleshooting issues. However, manually searching through documentation or code can be time-consuming and inefficient, especially in large and complex codebases. The `devdocs.askDocs` command provides a convenient way to leverage AI-powered natural language processing to quickly obtain relevant information about your code, saving you valuable time and effort.


## Prerequisites

To use the `devdocs.askDocs` must have local dev-doc markdown files to search.

## How do I use this VS Code Extension Command?

1. Open the Visual Studio Code editor with your codebase.
2. Press `Ctrl+Shift+P` (Windows/Linux) or `Cmd+Shift+P` (macOS) to open the Command Palette.
3. Type "Ask Dev-Docs A Question" and select the `devdocs.askDocs` command from the list.
4. In the input box that appears, enter your question related to your codebase.
5. Press Enter to submit your question.
6. Wait for the AI model to process your question and the codebase context.
7. An information message will appear, displaying the generated answer from the AI model.

By leveraging the power of AI-powered natural language processing and understanding, the `devdocs.askDocs` command streamlines the process of comprehending and documenting your codebase. It enables you to quickly obtain relevant information, enhancing your productivity and reducing the time spent searching through documentation or code manually.
  
  